Hi, I'm Rich. I'd like to publish a data table on Quarto.Pub that I can share with the world.
Great, so let's make a new Quarto document.
And what we get is a Quarto document which is filled out with some boilerplate.
I'm going to switch my editor from visual to source mode and edit the file directly.
I'd like to share a table pulled from the gt pack as examples.
I'm going to use that in this code chunk.
I'm going to save this now.
Just to check that it looks good, I'm going to render this.
I have Quarto installed.
I went to Quarto.org and got the installation file for that.
Great, and now this renders as a Quarto document and it looks really good.
It's going up and down and I'm quite satisfied with this table.
Now the next step, I'm going to publish this inside of Quarto.Pub.
So we don't do that in the console.
We go to Terminal.
And because we have the Quarto CLI installed, I'm just going to type in Quarto and publish.
And now what it does is it shows you a list of providers.
But what we want is Quarto.Pub.
So I'm going to hit enter on that.
It's going to ask you to authorize.
I'm going to hit capital Y.
And now we're brought to the Quarto sign-in page.
I have an account.
If you don't, sign up right here at the bottom.
But I have a sign-in through GitHub.
So I'm going to click on that.
And as we can see here, it just takes me right in.
And it asks me to authorize.
I will allow this.
And now we can close this window.
And now it's asking me for the name of the document.
I'm satisfied with that.
I'm going to hit enter.
And right now it's going to publish that through the usual way.
And it's going to show you some additional information about what it's doing when it's
publishing.
This doesn't take very long.
And it just creates the site, publishes it.
And you are now in the admin's view of my published table on Quarto.pub.
It's showing you your table.
And it's giving you some controls.
It's telling you where it's published at.
This is actually the link you need for the entry for the table contest.
I'm going to click on this.
And this is what other people will see.
They'll see this exact page.
And you'll just need to copy this and use that when you make your entry.
And it's as simple as that.
We've created and published a table to Quarto.pub.
Can't wait to see what you create.